Update Releasing.md (#84)
10up/Open-Source-Best-Practices: _includes/markdown/Releasing.md

- Settings > Security alerts > Organization and repository administrators
- Security > Alerts > Automated security fixes

> Add a ["Dependency Review" GitHub Action](https://github.com/10up/distributor/blob/develop/.github/workflows/dependency-review.yml) to scan all PRs to ensure no insecure dependencies are added to the project, this paired with Dependabot scanning existing dependencies for newly-insecure issues will help reduce the chance of an insecure dependency being included in project releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, ensure a ["Dependency Review" GitHub Action](https://github.com/10up/distributor/blob/develop/.github/workflows/dependency-review.yml) has been added to scan all PRs to ensure no insecure dependencies are added to the project. This paired with Dependabot scanning existing dependencies for newly-insecure issues will help reduce the chance of an insecure dependency being included in project releases.
```
